---
title: youtube-LnCBCuP_YTU
url: https://youtube.com/watch?v=LnCBCuP_YTU
language: unknown
fetched: 2026-03-01T14:19:26.274120
---

Indeed, lots of talk about that in the papers. The return of Balde to left back is one of the highlight items from the starting 11 that beat Valencia in the regional derby last week by two goals to one. >> This is a side that works like clockwork. >> Well, Barcelona won the corresponding fixture back in December by two goals to nil. According to their manager, they were a little lucky to do so. Counced on the loose ball and is powering forward here. Rafiniah needs to come back and does. The shot may be armed for Ferane, but it was nicked off his toe end. And then Famine Lopez skewing his effort well wide. Gay who in turn has it nicked away by Firmine and he slid it through to Laminazus. The opener. Yes, it is clinical. Ruthless Barcelona striking in the blink of an eye. and Lamin Yamal with a finish that was smooth as you like. And Barcelona giving Varal a little taste of their own medicine with a transition winning a ball in the middle of the park. The relentless press by Fermine Lopez on Papay forcing the turnover. Caton is trying to go up the field. He leaves the door open. Fermine sees Laminal sends such an invitation to go and then Laminal has enough time to get a first touch to get composed and to open up his hip. >> But they didn't want the league title that year. >> No. one else will do that. >> Oh, that's lovely. A chance here for the visitors. First really good look at goal and Jan Garcia forced into the save. And now an offside flag comes up after the fact. I'm not even sure this would have counted. I think it's a Yeah, there. But it was a an excellent >> Can he make it, Alex? >> Well, competence is so high in in the Spanish national national team and probably the Laente sees him more as a midfielder than a winger. >> Yeah. >> Ling. Oh, it's so so special as it so often is. The 18year-old with the world at his feet has the new camp crowd on their feet makes the really difficult look almost routine at times. Lamin with his second of the afternoon. he is simply impossible to defend because if you give him the space for winning the by line, he's going to get it. But if you don't close that gap and you open up the space for him to just this just cut inside, just find a shooting angle and find in the back of the net with this shot into the far post, into the side of the net. He is impossible to defend if he has an inspired day. That is an accurate crossfield ball that has Nicholas Pepe one-on-one against Bald. Pepe heading inside the cross for Lero who couldn't quite get the decisive touch. It was Aayote Perez, wasn't it? A full stretch. did get a toe into it. Couldn't steer it on target. >> He tried to use his preferred right foot. Was a little bit >> Pepe delivering the corner near post. Still up for grabs and Gay is able to turn it home and the offside flag stays down and this is going to count. Varal are back in business. Well, time seemed to stand still just for a moment as that ball just trickled towards Gay who was on his own right at the edge of the sixyd box. Unmarked dispatched it. It was just a question of whether he was on side and appears he was. He was indeed Rafiniah was playing him on side. Look, it's >> totally obvious. Great effort by Mourinho fighting for that ball surrounded by Barcelona players that turns that struggle that it's burn who's on the hattick. He's on his left foot and for Pepe Dejan Buchanan who will undoubtedly be a big part of Jesse Marsh's squad this summer for Canada. Welcome card for Alonso Pedra. One minute into the game and he is booked. >> He was a youth product of the hours, wasn't he? Uh before departing for leads and Alves and Betty's but made his way back midway point of the second half. Here's Oh, lovely ball. Laminal on a hattick and gets his hat-tick. Three absolutely scintillating strikes from Levyal and a five-star performance. Crouch. The perfect through ball from Pedri providing the platform for Yamal who did the rest. What a pass by Pedri. And this is the first time that Laminal >> counts to three, celebrating his goal. The first time that he gets a hat-tick. But look, you cannot allow Pedri time and space on the ball. Perfectly timed that pass to the run of Laminal. He has to reposition himself a little bit, but it doesn't matter. He again opens up his hip, sends the ball into the far post. This is incredible technique. Look at the curl of the ball. Look at the technique that Pedri used to play that pass. This is topnotch. >> Bald as we head into stoppage time at the new camp. >> They're playing a giant bundle now. Barcelona, they're so smart. They're just trying to keep possession and then the blood go back. >> Yeah, they're doing a great job of it. >> Here's Pedri. Back to Kundai. Can he finish? Leandowski can. Well, no, he can't because the flag says otherwise. As they carved open that Vale defense again with the quick combination here. I don't see any offside. >> Well, if it was Kundai it was given against, that will be very interesting to take another look against. Leandowski was definitely behind the ball, wasn't he? As he applied the finish. He was speaking Spanish with the referee. He was saying, "You know, you know, it wasn't me. This decision should be overturned. going to a wait for the V to play its part. Marcelino is having a good look at the replay. Flick has already seen enough. Mhm. >> And it is a goal and Leandowski has his name on the score sheet. But nothing disconnected about Barcelona today. They were a force to be reckoned with. fine fiddlele and of course Lamein Yamal will be the man who grabs all the headlines for his first hattick.